All right.
Let's start to wrap things up.
So the first thing I want to do is show you how to shut down that Kubernetes cluster we had created
on digital ocean.
So when you are ready to close everything down, we're going to go back over to Digital Ocean.
We're going to first find the networking page.
We're going to find load balancers.
We'll then find the load balancer that was created right here.
We'll click on more and then you can destroy it.
Remember, you pay about $10 per month for this load balancer.
So when you're all done testing the stuff out, don't forget to delete it.
Then to also delete the Kubernetes cluster, we'll go to Kubernetes, we'll find our ticketing cluster,
go to more, and then destroy that as well.
We are paying about $30 per month for the ticketing cluster, so don't forget to destroy that at some
point.
All right.
So beyond that, I just want to give you a couple of quick notes on how you might possibly expand this
application.
The first and probably most obvious thing that we should probably add in is HTTPS support.
Right now, we can only connect to our application over HTTP if you want to add in https.
You can take a look at cert manager IO.
This is an open source library that makes it fairly easy to add in HTTPS or a Kubernetes cluster that
is using ingress engine x.
The documentation is a little bit challenging to get through, but at the end of the day, it is kind
of a straightforward process, as straightforward as HTTPS is in general.
The next thing you might try doing is adding in a new service, perhaps with email support.
So maybe after a user purchases a order or purchases a ticket, we should send them some kind of email
just to tell them, Hey, you just paid for this thing.
And here are some details on the ticket you just purchased.
So we might do that by creating a new service, and we might decide to use a third party email provider
such as MailChimp or SendGrid or something else like that.
This new service can then listen for events around an order being paid for, and as soon as the order
is paid for, the service can send off an email to that particular user.
The next thing you might add in is a build step.
So right now, all of our services inside of our production cluster are technically running in development
mode.
They are using node dev to actually invoke the individual services or at least the back end typescript
ones.
And the next application is still running in dev mode as well.
We can definitely speed up all of our different services by running them in production mode.
To do this, we're going to create a separate Docker file for each service that is going to build up
each service in a production style.
Really, just about the only thing that needs to change.
You're going to add in a single command into each one to tell the application to build itself.
In the case of next, it's something like NPM, run, build or something like that.
And then for the actual execution command in those Docker files, you'll change it to what are the appropriate
command is generally node index JS.
The last thing you might try doing.
And this is really just for people who are expecting to work on microservices projects very quickly
or very soon with teams of other engineers.
It might be nice if we had a staging cluster, so a staging cluster would be not a production cluster,
but a cluster where other team members could test out our application.
So maybe we should create another cluster on digital ocean.
It should use some other kind of domain name, and it should only be accessible to people who are trying
to well, test out the application.
We might then create another branch on our GitHub repo.
And tie another kind of workflow scripts to it.
We could say that whenever someone tries to push some code to this staging branch, maybe we will deploy
the application to that staging cluster and then other people could come and test out our application
before we finally merge that code into master.
So those are four possible ways of expanding this application.
And of course, the most open ended one here is really add in adding in some additional services.
Absolutely.
Feel free.
You do not only have to do something around email, we could add in any number of other kind of services
to our application.
All right, so that is it.
This is by far the longest course I have ever created.
And I really hope you enjoyed it.
It took about two months for me to record everything.
And I recorded on average about one and a half hours of video per day.
You'll notice that the end total doesn't really total up to two months times 1.5.
It turns out I recorded a ton of video, ended up throwing it away.
I do that all the time for all these different courses, so it's really was a lot of work on my side.
I really hope you enjoyed it.
I put in a lot of effort and I hope that you learned a lot during this process.
I do hope you check out some of my other courses as well in the future.
And in general, I hope you have a good time with the knowledge you gained in this course.
That's it for me, and I will catch you later.